Welcome back. I'm confident that you're
enjoying your Blockchain nanodegree program so far.
Things will start to get even more interesting from now on,
you are going to be building amazing projects
that would be helpful in advancing your career.
Now, just want to let you know that some of you might not have the environment
set up in terms of Node, JavaScript, compilers, etc.
For those students, we at Udacity are going to give you
complete development environment that is called the workspace,
and this is integrated into your classroom.
Now of course, you're welcome to use your own environment if you have that setup.
If you don't, you don't have to worry,
you can obviously use the Udacity's integrated classroom workspace
that is going to be pre-installed with Node.
Also want to let you know that your workspace is backed by Linux virtual machine.
That means you're going to have complete access to a terminal, and Node packages,
and you can install packages,
you can modify content,
you can do git clone,
and etc, and all that stuff.
I'm going to now walk you through so that you are ready
to work on your all upcoming projects.
So let's walk through our workspace right now.
So walking through here,
if you see there's three sections.
This is the navigator section,
this is your coding section,
and this is your terminal section.
So let me explain you a little bit in detail about all the three sections.
The site section is the file navigator section,
so you can open directories,
you can go to a specific directory,
you can go into directories.
So if you see, this is the path you're in right now,
so pay attention to that.
You can open up files,
whatever files you open up show up in this window right here.
So all your open files is your section, this here.
This is also your coding section.
That means any code that you can be writing in any of the files appears right here.
Now, look at this plus button right there.
In the navigator section,
you can upload files,
you can upload folders, you can create files,
you can also create folders from this section.
So let's say you have an assignment or a project you're working on,
and you're supposed to send us a file and you did that on your computer.
You can upload files for your workspace using this button right there.
Walking through this section,
this is a terminal section.
That means if you need to run code,
that this whole environment is preset with Node.
That means you can open up,
just click on this plus sign,
and it opens up a terminal for you.
If you wish, if you're running multiple scripts,
you can always open up multiple terminals by another plus button.
I'm just going to open one for now.
So now you can run any Node commands,
you can install packages using npm just because like I said,
it's already pre-configured with Node.
You can clone, git clone,
all that stuff can happen right there.
So this is your terminal for running all pieces of code,
running files and all that scripts.
So this is a terminal section again,
this is a coding section,
this is a navigator section.
A couple of buttons we also wanted to walk you through is a menu button.
If your workspace is giving you any issues and you would like to refresh your workspace,
you can always do that by clicking Refresh.
Also just want to let you know if you refresh workspace,
all your files will be saved.
Nothing is going to be deleted,
it's all still going to be there for you.
For whatever reason, if you like to reset all the data,
you can always click on Reset Data,
which means all your code and your files will be lost using that option.
So menu shrink, talked about that.
Pretty simple to use,
is a complete built-in environment for running files,
running scripts, and related information.
Now, in your next section,
I'm going to actually give you your complete workspace
that you can walk through and play around,
open up files, run scripts,
and install packages and see what you can possibly do with it,
so that you are all ready to work on your projects using this workspace from now on.
So again, welcome to your workspace. Enjoy using it.